Our world is full of wonders and every person should plunge into unforgettable feelings they give us. One of those wonders is New York City. It is considered to be the city of diversity, opportunities, and unbelievable beauty. This essay on New York will definitely help you find your own way in exploring it.

New York essay: Five delicious pieces of the Big Apple

Each of five boroughs is unique and characterized by specific features of living there. You can recognize Manhattan by its eminent skyscrapers such as the Empire State Building and Rockefeller Center, numerous universities and colleges and wonderful Central Park. It represents the financial heart of the city. You can see busy clerks and businessmen on Wall Street and hear continuous clicking and typing of office workers and programmers eager to make fortune. It is for sure, they would make money faster with the smart writing service like ours.

Brooklyn nowadays is a core of the powerful “machine” producing exclusive organic food and promoting modern art, cinema and indie music. All creativity is mostly presented by the Williamsburg neighborhood, the hot spot for the young people ready to enjoy every single breath of night. However, you can notice how the fascinating night clubs transform into calm and quiet Cobble Hill and Park Slope residences. Bushwick offers shopping for young families.

In the northern part of New York, the Bronx stretches its boundaries. Known for its agrarian past and the first settlers skilled at farming, hunting and fishing, the Bronx has parklands and gardens at its disposal now. New York Botanical Garden will amaze you with the beauty of rare flowers and plants and the Bronx Zoo is going to immerse you in the atmosphere of wildlife. Have you ever been to Italy? The Bronx is called “real Little Italy”, by the way. New York City makes it possible to fall for the charm of Bella Italia right on Arthur Avenue.

If you think about sports as the best way of entertainment or care for your body and want to keep trim, you are to visit Queens. Take your rollers and skates and be free to disclose vivid streets. Stroll by Flushing Meadows-Corona Park. Root for New Your Mets at Citi Field stadium. Go to Flushing Chinatown nearby to satisfy your hunger with some special Asian dainties. But be careful with those dainties, for instance, choose a healthy Mediterranean diet and make the right choice of your dietary pattern for effective training.

Staten Island is regarded as the keeper of the city’s past. This part of NYC encompasses museums and historical attractions such as prominent Historic Richmond Town where anyone may play the role of a person of the 19th century. Moreover, this place combines sunny beaches and the biggest and coolest forest preserve of the city. If you are interested in ordering an essay concerning New York boroughs, take a look at our services. Our company will help you save your money.

Pay attention to the following topics on our website:

A Very Old Man With Enormous Wings Essay: Magic Of Everyday
Goals and Aspirations Essay: How to Get What You Want
American History X Essay: Fight Against Racism Together
Cheap Essay Writing Service Is Here to Help You
Essay Proofread: Is Your Paper Ready to Be Perfect?
New York City in five words

It is hard sometimes to describe a beautiful place just in a few words. Only a skilled writer expresses the right thought briefly and clearly. We know that New York welcomes everyone all over the world. Despite the great number of tourist attractions, its vividness and versatility also catch an eye. Take a look at five simple words describing New York:

1. Multiplicity.

New York is a real polygonal diamond in the jewel box of America. That is why it has about one hundred different names. For example, look at how the name “The Big Apple” appeared. John Fitzgerald, a sports reporter, was the first to use such a nickname in his articles. One day, he heard the horsemen in New Orleans talking about going to “the big apple”, the venue of horseracing, which was NYC. In the 17th century, New York City also got the name New Amsterdam due to Dutch West India company.

2. Hospitality.

The city is the paradise for immigrants. It takes the first place among heavily-populated cities of America. Many foreigners from all over the world come here willing to open new possibilities and challenge themselves. This multicultural harbor is a combination of the true American lifestyle and international flavoring. Aliens can find here a place reminding their own cultural environment. For instance, Brooklyn is a borough where Ukrainian, Russian, Italian, Jamaican people etc. may encounter fellow countrymen and simply feel at home. Check our essay on American culture to get more information: http://smartwriters.org/blog/essay-on-american-culture-how-should-we-start

3. Musicality.

The Big Apple can boast its staginess of the onstage and musical life. Dozens of theaters open their doors for visitors in Broadway. Many essays on New York cover great Broadway performances including astonishing “Cats” and “Chicago”. These are the must-see performances accompanied by incredible acting and pompous dancing. You can hear music everywhere in the city. Feel its sound from the windows of huge dwellings and especially on the streets of Times Square and even underground. Lots of street musicians and dancers entertain passers-by and devote themselves entirely to the rhythm and endless passion of music.

4. Eccentricity.

By the way, famous Times Square, the place of giant shining billboards, big screens, fashionable shopping centers and glam, gathers lots of extraordinary personalities. You can meet here specific characters form the Statue of Liberty in human guise to cartoons and even daring naked cowboy with the guitar hiding the most “shocking” parts of his body in his hands. So getting amazing emotions is possible for free right in Times Square. Here, you can allow yourself being a bit of weirdo especially when it comes to putting your personal goals into life. Look here for some interesting ideas on achieving success in our essay about career goals.

5. Unity.

Did you know how many bridges there are in New York? In total, almost 2,000 bridges and tunnels were built here. Today, the most outstanding of them comprises Brooklyn, Manhattan and Verrazzano Bridges. All they are the symbolic architectural embodiment of a connection between things, which seem utterly differ at first glance. Considering the contrast between nations, religions, sights, and territories that the city represents, the feeling of unity there is quite impressive. This contrast is based on the grounds of respect and friendship. Look at this essay to enquire the importance of friendship in our life: http://smartwriters.org/blog/what-is-friendship-essay-who-is-a-friend

Consider this descriptive essay on New York City as your guide. Now it is up to you to choose your path in the kingdom where everything is so different and similar at the same time. Keep in mind that there are plenty of options. At one moment you find yourself inside the boiling business pot like Wall Street or rejoice over bright sun of the beaches standing with your toes in the warm sand, listening to the sound of the sea at another moment. Whatever you want to do, New York has it all. If you liked this essay, you can find out more about our company and writing services.
